Project 7: Space Invaders Emulation

	For project 7, we opted to emulate the Space Invaders video game. In this file, we used five classes: enemies, enemy projectiles, ship, ship projectiles, and a timer for different aspects of gameplay. The purpose of the game is to shoot all of the enemies before they reach the bottom of the screen or before the player can be hit three times by the enemies. If all of the enemies are successfully eliminated, the player wins. If the player is hit three times or the invaders reach the bottom of the screen, the player loses. The game uses random number generation to generate each row of the space invaders for their colors as well as a random number to determine the space invaders will fire a projectile. As space invaders are eliminated, the rate at which the surviving invaders shoot a projectile increases. The game is controlled with the “w”, “a”, and “d” keys which shoot, move left, and move right respectively. Additionally, after the game ends, the player can press “r” to restart a game with new enemy colors. A timer is used to track movement of the enemies across the screen.

	Wyatt implemented the space invader class, timer class, and projectile class for the space invaders. The space invaders are made up of a display of many rectangles to resemble an alien. They have two forms which switch back and forth to look like they are moving across the screen. The movements for the space invaders were on a timer from the timer class to ensure consistent movement. The projectiles fired by the aliens are small ellipses which display on the screen and  a new projectile object is made anytime a random number generator causes the space invaders to become active and fire a projectile. The projectile movement is timed by a timer object and if the projectile object touches the player’s ship, the ship loses a life. As more invaders are eliminated, the chance of an invader becoming active and firing a projectile increases. Array lists of projectiles are monitored and obsolete objects are removed if they are no longer on the screen. Wyatt also made the projectile class for the ship, which was a lot like the space invader projectile class, except the movement function caused projectiles to go upward. Space Invaders boolean display variable is turned off when one of these projectiles touches them.

	Anakaren worked on the score point display, as well as the movement of the ship, limiting it to the edges of the screen. Points, restart and game over were handled as part of the main file, with a restart being controlled with the r key and resetting the lives and score in the game. The initial score is set every time that the program runs as 0, which could be later improved with a high score system that saves throughout the game play instead of resetting each time that the user restarts the game.

	Ben worked on the spaceship that shoots projectiles. This class is very similar to the enemies class, except the spaceship has a life counter and has a different display and move pattern. The movement is controlled by keystrokes input by the player using the “a” and “d” keys. The ship fires a projectile using the “w” key. Furthermore, the ship has a display made up of rectangles and triangles to make it more visually appealing. Anytime “w” is hit, a projectile object is made and a timer is used to display its animation pattern. 
