For our final project, we extended our Project 7 
Space Invaders Game to include additional functionality such as 
saving high scores, difficulty settings, sound, and an additional GUIs
such as a main menu screen, a high score screen and an instruction screen, all
of which have 1-3 buttons on them. High scores were in part determined by using a time bonus 
based on how long the game has run and are categorized on the High 
Score page in Easy, Medium, Hard. Classes included an Enemy class, Projectiles,
Ship, ShipProjectile, Star and Timer. 

Parts:
Anakaren: Worked on ship to make movement limited to edges of the screen.
Added a json file in order to manage the user data, 
collecting highscores. The highscores were saved with a 
saveJSONArray containing JSONObjects with the difficulty 
and score integers saved. These were then accessed and the 
highest score for each level was determined, with a 0 placeholder 
if no winning game was found in the database.

Wyatt: Made four new space invader designs in order to meet the 
animation hierarchy requirement. The invaders move across the 
screen and their legs move while doing it. The lower index rows 
are worth more points when eliminated. The invaders in each row 
have the same functionality but their colors change slightly with 
each row. Additionally implemented difficulties which are as follows 
in easy mode, there are only 20 invaders, the invaders are less 
likely to fire projectiles, and they have the slowest movement, in 
medium difficulty, there are 40 invaders, a cooldown exists for the 
ship, and more projectiles are fired, and finally in hard mode there 
are also 40 invaders, but they move much quicker, shoot more projectiles, 
and there is only 1 life. Each difficulty is visually distinct by 
the color of invaders as well.
 
Kalei: Made the start screen GUI and Star class for it and ending screen, added an exit button, 
updated scores/lives visual and added fonts/more colors to make game
more visually appealing. Added a mute button, and added background music,
projectile sound, and ship life sound. Sound was taken from freesound.org and fonts taken from dafontfree.co

Ben: Worked on the spaceship that shoots projectiles. 
This class is very similar to the enemies class, except the spaceship 
has a life counter and has a different display and move pattern. 
The movement is controlled by keystrokes input by the player using 
the “a” and “d” keys. The ship fires a projectile using the “w” key.
Furthermore, the ship has a display made up of rectangles and 
triangles to make it more visually appealing. Anytime “w” is hit, 
a projectile object is made and a timer is used to display its 
animation pattern. For the final project, he updated the ship 
design/make it more pixelated. Made the ship change color or have a 
“signal” that it has been hit.
